**BRIDGE FOUNDRY, INC.**

**BOARD OF DIRECTORS**
**MEETING MINUTES**

August 26, 2018

Board Members Present: Sarah Allen, Ilen Zazueta-Hall, Isa Herico

Guests Present: None

This meeting of the Bridge Foundry Board of Directors was held on Sunday, August 26, 2018, 9:38 a.m., having quorum with everyone participating by online video-conference with live audio and screen sharing.  

The board reviewed and accepted the October 8, 2017 minutes.

The board discussed the following topics:

* The company’s General Signatory And Banking Authority Policy.  Though adopted on October 8, 2017, the board wanted to confirm what that the minimum amount of a particular transaction is that needs officer approval.  Currently it is $5,000. 
* Expanding the board by creating a governance committee.  The creation of the governance committee is pending the appointment of its committee chair.  MOTION to invite Asheesh Laroia to be a board member overseeing the governance committee was seconded and passed.
* The vacant COO and Board Treasurer positions upon the respective departures of Diana Luepke and Karen Herreid.  MOTION to not fill these vacancies was seconded and passed.
* Diana’s final report.  The board will present to the governance committee (when created) for review.
* Partner program draft and resolved to seek feedback from the Program Board and Advisors before finalizing.
* The company’s strategic plan and has identified that the hypothesis needs more research.

There being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 9:48 a.m.

Respectfully submitted,

/s Isa Herico

___________________

Recording Secretary
