# Exhibit A

## BOARD MEMBER AGREEMENT

I, _______________, understand that as a member of the Board of Directors of Bridge Foundry, I have a legal and moral responsibility to ensure that the organization does the best work possible in pursuit of its goals.  I believe in the purpose and the mission of the organization, and I will act responsibly and prudently as its steward.

As part of my responsibilities as a board member:

1. I will interpret the organization’s work and values to the community, represent the organization, and act as a spokesperson.
2. I will attend all board meetings, committee meetings as appropriate and special events.  If special circumstances prevent me from participating, I will notify the Board Chair in advance.
3. I will make a personal financial contribution at a level that is meaningful to me.
4. I will actively participate in one or more fundraising activities.
5. I will act in the best interests of the organization, and excuse myself from discussions and votes where I have a conflict of interest.
6. I will stay informed about what’s going on in the organization.  I will ask questions and request information.  I will participate in and take responsibility for making decisions on issues, policies and other board matters.
7. I will work in good faith with other board members, and staff when appropriate, as partners towards achievement of our goals.
8. If I don’t fulfill these commitments to the organization, I will expect the Board Chair to contact me and discuss my responsibilities with me.
9. I will keep my contact and emergency contact information up to date.

In turn, the organization will be responsible to me in several ways:



1. I will be sent to review, without request, quarterly financial reports and an update of organizational activities that allow me to meet the “prudent person” section of the law.
2. Opportunities will be offered to me to discuss with the CEO and the Board Chair, the organization’s programs, goals, activities, and status; additionally, I can request such opportunities.
3. The organization will help me perform my duties by keeping me informed about issues in the industry and field in which we are working, and by offering me opportunities for professional development as a board member.
4. Board members and the CEO will respond in a straightforward fashion to questions I have that I feel are necessary to carry out my fiscal, legal and moral responsibilities to this organization.  Board members and the CEO will work in good faith with me towards achievement of our goals.
5. The organization will provide the Board of Directors with Directors & Officers liability insurance.
6. If the organization does not fulfill its commitments to me, I can call on the Board Chair to discuss these responsibilities.

Signature	____________________________________	

Printed Name	____________________________________

Date		____________________________________

Title: 		Member, Board of Directors

</p>&nbsp;</p>

Signature	____________________________________	

Printed Name	____________________________________

Date		____________________________________

Title: 		Chair, Board of Directors

### CONTACT INFORMATION

Full Name					_________________________________

Phone Number					_________________________________

Personal Email					_________________________________

Emergency Contact Name			_________________________________

Emergency Contact Phone Number		_________________________________
