# Exhibit A


## Communications Committee

_Committee Chair:  Kinsey Durham Grace_

The communications committee handles all matters that relate to communicating with stakeholders, volunteers, and others.  This committee oversees newsletters, official communications, social media platforms, online presence, annual report and contact with the media.


## Finance Committee

_Committee Chair:  Melissa Xie_

The Finance Committee provides financial analysis, advice, and oversight of the organization's budget. Their sole responsibility is to ensure the organization is operating with the financial resources it needs to support the nonprofit’s mission.


## Fundraising Committee

_Committee Chair: Desi McAdam_

The fundraising committee oversees and directs fundraising activity. This committee isn't solely responsible for raising money, but it leads the board's fundraising effort. The committee works with the organization leadership to establish a fundraising plan.


## Governance Committee 

_Committee Chair:  Kinsey Durham Grace_

_Additional Committee Members: Sarah Allen_

The purpose of the governance committee is to plan for board director membership that brings together people with a diverse set of talents and perspectives to work together to fulfill the nonprofit’s mission.

Additionally, the governance committee ensures that the organization has policies that support the mission and comply with the bylaws.


## Leadership Committee

_Committee Chair:  Desi McAdam_

The leadership committee bridges the gap between the Programs/Chapters and Bridge Foundry, handling all matters that are related to leadership of Chapters and Programs.

This includes working with them to determine needs, facilitating communication and engagement with the board, and across the organization.


## Research Committee

_Committee Chair:  Sarah Allen_

The research committee will be responsible for conducting research and publishing resources that will help build a culture of inclusion and respect in communities and workplaces.
