**BRIDGE FOUNDRY, INC.**

**BOARD OF DIRECTORS**

**MEETING MINUTES**

October 30, 2022

Board Members Present: Desi McAdam, Melissa Xie, Kinsey Durham Grace, Sarah Allen

Guests present: None

This meeting of the Bridge Foundry Board of Directors was held on Sunday, October 30, 07:30 p.m. GMT/1:30 p.m. PT, having a quorum with everyone participating through an online video conference with live audio and screen-sharing.

Desi motioned to provide Sarah Allen 500 dollars a month toward an assistance and any administration needs such that she can perform her duties as CEO (ending her medical leave). Upon motion duly made and seconded, the Board members present unanimously approved. 

The board reviewed and accepted the August 26, 2018 minutes (which were accidentally missed and needed review and approval).

Desi motioned to create board committees described in Exhibit A.  Upon motion duly made and seconded, the Board members present unanimously approved and further:

RESOLVED: 

The committees shall report minutes to the board after each committee meeting. Additionally, at this time any decisions which would normally require board of directors approval will remain so. Committees are encouraged to propose agenda items to the board for discussion and approval. Committees shall appoint a chair and are encouraged to appoint members from the community at large to participate on the committee. The chair of the committee from time to time can update the description of the committee with clarifications but any changes to responsibilities will need to be approved by the Board.

Sarah motioned that the remaining budget previously allocated to the Systemic Bias project be allocated as a budget for the Research committee without requiring further board approval. Upon motion duly made and seconded, the Board members present unanimously approved and further:

These minutes were shared via Google docs and unanimously approved by the board.

There being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 4:45 p.m. ET / 1:45 p.m. PT.

Respectfully submitted,

Kinsey Durham Grace

___________________

Recording Secretary


