**BRIDGE FOUNDRY, INC.**

**BOARD OF DIRECTORS**
**MEETING MINUTES**

September 6, 2022

Board Members Present: Sarah Allen, Melissa Xie, Desi McAdam

Guests Present: Kinsey Durham Grace

This meeting of the Bridge Foundry Board of Directors was held on Tuesday, September 6, 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time/2:00 p.m. Pacific Time, having quorum with everyone participating through an online video conference with live audio and screen-sharing.

## Secretary

Sarah is stepping down as Secretary as of September 6, 2022. The board thanks Sarah for her service.

Upon motion duly made and seconded, the Board unanimously voted to elect Kinsey Durham Grace as Secretary, starting September 7, 2022 and add her as authorized signer for financial accounts.

## Board Member At Large

Sarah Allen has made multiple attempts to make contact with Isa Herico and has not been able to reach her. Therefore, Desi moved to remove Isa from the board in order to allow the board to function effectively. Upon motion duly made and seconded, the Board unanimously voted to remove Isa from the board effective September 6th, 2022.

## Board Member Agreement

Sarah Allen shared the recommendation from New Resources Bank Executive Director training about a Board Member Agreement. Melissa Xie created and shared a draft agreement based on the training resources. The Board discussed the proposal and upon motion duly made and seconded, it was:

RESOLVED: that Board Member Agreement agreement ([Exhibit A](2022-09-06-exhibit.md)) that all current and future board members will  be required to sign the agreement.

These minutes were shared via Google docs and unanimously approved by the board.

Respectfully submitted,

Sarah Allen

Secretary
